// liquid terrain defs for thief textures
terrain thiefwater
{
	footclip 10
	liquid
}

terrain thieflava
{
	footclip 10
	liquid
	damageamount 5
	damagetype lava
	damagetimemask 31
}

// water
floor blin thiefwater
floor blin_1 thiefwater
floor blin_2 thiefwater
floor blin_3 thiefwater
floor blin_4 thiefwater
floor blin_5 thiefwater
floor blin_6 thiefwater
floor blin_7 thiefwater
floor blin_8 thiefwater
floor blin_9 thiefwater
floor blin_10 thiefwater
floor blin_11 thiefwater
floor blin_12 thiefwater
floor blin_13 thiefwater
floor grin thiefwater
floor grin_1 thiefwater
floor grin_2 thiefwater
floor grin_3 thiefwater
floor grin_4 thiefwater
floor grin_5 thiefwater
floor grin_6 thiefwater
floor grin_7 thiefwater
floor grin_8 thiefwater
floor grin_9 thiefwater
floor grin_10 thiefwater
floor grin_11 thiefwater
floor grin_12 thiefwater
floor grin_13 thiefwater
floor vmin thiefwater
floor vmin_1 thiefwater
floor vmin_2 thiefwater
floor vmin_3 thiefwater
floor vmin_4 thiefwater
floor vmin_5 thiefwater
floor vmin_6 thiefwater
floor vmin_7 thiefwater
floor vmin_8 thiefwater
floor vmin_9 thiefwater
floor vmin_10 thiefwater
floor vmin_11 thiefwater
floor vmin_12 thiefwater
floor vmin_13 thiefwater
// lava
floor l3in thieflava
floor l4in thieflava
floor l4in_1 thieflava
floor l4in_2 thieflava
floor l4in_3 thieflava
floor l4in_4 thieflava